[K9VULN-4956] Update text when unable to infer default branch (#1648)
DataDog/datadog-ci: src/commands/sbom/README.md

 - `DD_APP_KEY`: the App key to use
 - `DD_API_KEY`: the API key to use

Optional environment variables:

>  - `DD_SUBDOMAIN`: if you have a [custom sub-domain enabled](https://docs.datadoghq.com/account_management/multi_organization/#custom-sub-domains) for your organization, this value should be set with the subdomain so that the link to the Datadog Application that the library logs once the upload finishes is accurate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - `DD_SUBDOMAIN`: If you have a [custom sub-domain enabled](https://docs.datadoghq.com/account_management/multi_organization/#custom-sub-domains) for your organization, set this variable to your subdomain. This ensures that the link to the Datadog Application, which the library logs after uploading, points to the correct location.
```
This was as little confusing so took a stab at rewording to make it more clear
